Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
[breathing heavily]
[breathes deeply]
[Amber] Oh!
[screams] H-Help. [yells]
Oh. my God. [breathes heavily]
[screams] Oh. fuck!
Oh. fuck! [pants. yells]
[guerrilla 1 speaking Spanish]
[in English] Oh. my God.
[in Spanish]
[in English] Hey.
hey. hey. hey. Chill.
Pack your shit.
We have to go now.
What?
-We're leaving now. Come on.
-[panting]
- Hey. Now! [speaks Spanish]
- [guerrillas chattering]
[pants] Okay.
[Luis] Eric. it's
good to meet you.
Thanks so much for doing
this on such short notice.
My pleasure.
Anything I can do to help.
Please. let's sit down.
[speaks Spanish]
Tonight. the husband of
an American scientist
taken hostage in Colombia opens
up about the terrifying abduction.
Sergeant. thank you very much
for having the
time to talk to us.
Thank you.
Sergeant. what was the first
thought you had when you knew
that your wife had
been kidnapped?
I'm going to get her back safe in
my arms if I have to die trying.
Our sources say that last
night a boy was shot and killed
in a rescue operation.
Is that something
you'll confirm to us?
I have no idea.
I wasn't there.
But I have it on good authority
that the Colombian
military is all over this.
They may have shot a
kidnapper. I don't know.
Delta security operations
are highly classified.
- and it may never be known to the public.
- [clears throat]
Is it safe to say that you would
never confirm an operation.
something like this?
Well. I can confirm
this. I want a mission.
I want the Colombian
military to step up.
Are you suggesting that the
Colombian government isn't...
Isn't even trying?
I'm suggesting there's
always more that can be done
for an innocent woman.
Sounds like you're calling
out the president of Colombia
and perhaps the president of the
United States. Is... Is that so?
- I do hope they're listening.
- [phone ringing]
- [Prince] The buck stops at the top.
- [line connects]
- [Bambi] Hey. man.
- You fucked me.
You fucking fucked me. But I
don't even care about that.
You fucked yourself
by going on CNN.
What part of "keep a low
profile" don't you understand?
Yeah. well. isn't public
pressure good for us?
You're on speaker with Prince.
- [Mitch] Hey. Prince.
- Hey. Mitch.
Pressure's only good
when I generate it.
You do realize now that the
comms guys at the White House
and the political shop are gonna
take this over and focus-group it
every fucking step of the way.
Now. why would you want
that in an election year?
We had no choice.
Everything's moving too slow.
So you go shoot up an
entire neighborhood
and call out the Colombian
president on national television?
Super fucking dumb.
Do you really want the
Colombian military on this.
with their record of hostage
rescue and cross fire?
They shoot both the
rebels and the hostages.
We're gonna be on their
op. Make sure she's safe.
[line disconnects]
[breathes heavily]
- [Amber yelps. groans]
- [kidnapper 1] Be more careful.
Nobody's fucking carrying
you if you twist an ankle.
We're going in a circle.
[shushes]
[kidnapper 1] Hey.
[sighs]
[flies buzzing]
Set up your hammock and get
some sleep while you can.
[breathes heavily]
You bring us back fucking here!
[choking]
- [Amber yells. coughs]
- [yells in Spanish]
[Amber] You're...
[yells. grunts]
[sighs]
[guerrilla 2 speaks Spanish]
[helicopter whirring]
[soldiers chattering]
- [lead soldier speaking Spanish]
- [soldiers grunting]
[general] If everything was
kept on my side. in my house.
maybe I could have
worked it out.
But now this operation
is no longer a secret.
You see. we have a
new spokesperson.
and he got us a new mission.
We're going to engage.
[speaks Spanish]
That's good news.
So. when you're ready to launch.
attach us as advisers
so we can help.
[speaks Spanish]
Thanks for the offer. but no.
Anything else?
Yes. sir. We need to go there.
No. you don't.
We're requesting to be
there. Professional courtesy.
[laughs] Courtesy? You
called us out on TV.
Well. maybe your friends in the
CIA are gonna force us to take you.
but I don't think so.
- Sir. we...
- Thank you. sir. We understand.
We need to talk to him
outside of his office.
What are you thinking?
I'm gonna bribe his ass.
[pop music playing]
- [shutter clicking]
- [glasses clinking]
[Bambi] Didn't Ernesto say
the general was coming alone?
He did.
[in Spanish]
[applause]
[Violeta]
[both laugh]
[Bolero]
[speaks Spanish]
Gracias.
General... [sighs]
[in English] I know
you're aware of...
the terrible situation
that my wife is in.
[in Spanish] Si.
And. um... Well. I know
we're asking for a favor.
But if you can see your way fit
to bending the rules for us.
just this once.
I hope you'll also see your way
to letting us return the favor.
Do you understand in which
position you put me in?
You took advantage of my trust.
You know. my family
owns a company
with a lot of interests
in the region.
I could have had my snipers
to shoot you. You know that?
But you didn't.
Want to offer you a seat on
the board of Haas Industries.
We meet three times a
year. It's a paid position.
[Violeta. in Spanish]
[instrumental music playing]
[through computer]
[in English] Amber.
um... [breathes deeply]
if you're out there and you're
listening. it's me. and I'm on it.
[inhales deeply] We're all so
worried about you. and. uh...
[breathes deeply]
well. everyone's just waiting
patiently for the process to play out.
[swallows] But you did
nothing wrong. baby. Nothing.
[sniffles]
[cries]
[Bambi] We love you. baby.
We're gonna find a
peaceful way out of this.
He's good.
[in Spanish]
[kidnapper 2]
[Bambi. in English] I
need you to stay warm
and stay dry. and
be patient. okay?
[Violeta. in Spanish]
[Violeta speaks Spanish]
- [in English] And we're out.
- [Bambi breathes heavily]
[cries. sniffs]
[kidnapper 2. in Spanish]
[kidnapper 1]
No.
[kidnapper 2]
[kidnapper 1]
[cell phone chimes]
[kidnapper 2]
[speaks Spanish]
[kidnapper 1]
[kidnapper 2]
[sighs]
[chuckles]
[kidnapper 2]
[speaks Spanish]
[kidnapper 1]
[laughs]
[guerrilla 3]
[guerrilla 4] Ándale.
[speaks Spanish]
[Comandante clears throat]
[Comandante]
[guerrilla 3 speaks Spanish]
[speaks Spanish]
[in English] Hello. Amber.
I'm a journalist. I
want to talk to you.
I... I... I
recognize your voice.
From the radio.
[Violeta] Yeah.
Your brother is a friend.
And your father-in-law
is my husband's friend.
I wanna help you.
Thank you.
Do you know why you
were taken in this way?
Wrong place. wrong time.
They think I'm CIA.
It's fucking ridiculous.
I know how you feel.
I was kidnapped.
I was in a very small
room during two months.
I hope you don't
go through that.
But if you do. you have
to know you will survive.
They want to know if
you're an American agent.
I don't care if you are or not.
I'm going to talk with
the commander right now
and tell him you're innocent.
[whispering] You should stay
with me. It's much safer.
They're all gonna get killed
in this camp. Everyone.
Don't fantasize of a rescue.
They can't find this place
in the middle of the jungle.
You don't know my family.
[Amber] I guarantee you
they tracked you here.
Why do you think my
brother did your show?
You're a bird dog.
You flush out the prey.
[guerrilla 4. in Spanish]
[speaks Spanish]
[Violeta] Everything will
be okay. [Amber] Right.
[guerrilla 4 speaks Spanish]
[Prince grunts]
[chattering]
[Bambi. in English] I
have eyes on Violeta.
[Prince] I see at
least 20% of the camp.
Negative on Amber.
[kidnapper 2. in Spanish]
[Comandante]
[sniffs]
[Violeta] Si.
[kidnapper 2]
Mm-hmm.
[speaks Spanish]
[both speaking Spanish]
[Graciela]
- [clamoring]
- [Graciela yelling in Spanish]
They're packing up.
getting ready to move.
[Bambi] Colonel?
[soldiers speaking Spanish]
[Pereira speaks Spanish]
- [clamoring]
- [Graciela speaking Spanish]
[Pereira]
- [grunts]
- [in English] What's happening?
[Violeta] They believe you.
- [guerrillas speaking Spanish]
- [Amber groaning]
[Pereira]
[soldiers speaking Spanish]
[radio chatter]
[soldier 2]
[Pereira]
[speaks Spanish]
[guerrillas speaking Spanish]
[all shouting]
[radio chatter in Spanish]
[helicopter whirring]
[radio chatter continues]
[guerrilla 5 speaks Spanish]
[all shouting]
[Pereira]
[speaks Spanish]
[helicopter whirring]
[Comandante speaking Spanish]
- [speaks Spanish]
- [gunshot]
[Pereira]
[Pereira speaking Spanish]
[continues speaking Spanish]
[pants]
- [upbeat music playing]
- [cell phone chimes]
[people screaming. clamoring]
[technician] They just
blew up a café in Bogotá.
[phone beeps]
This is Foster. Connect
me to the SecDef. please.
Sir. we have a credible threat.
They're claiming to have more
bombs throughout the city.
[speaking Spanish]
[Pereira]
[Bolero]
[device beeps]
[Pereira]
-[sighs] -[in English]
There's nothing we can do.
[Spanish music playing]
[guerrillas cheering. laughing]
- [cheering. chanting]
- [guerrilla 5 yells] Fuck you!
- [laughing. cheering]
- Yes! Fuck you!
[guerrilla 6] Fuck you!
[guerrillas chanting] Fuck you! Fuck
you! Fuck you! Fuck you! Fuck you!
[chanting continues]
[chuckles]
[sighs]
[breathing heavily]
[speaks Spanish]
[Bolero]
[in English] Commandos.
[in Spanish]
[soldiers speaking Spanish]
[Pereira] Caballeros.
[in English] We
aren't done. Load up.
We leave at dawn.
[vehicle approaching]
[guerrillas shouting in Spanish]
[shouting in Spanish]
[pilot. in English]
Signal intelligence say
they are in trucks on
a slow jungle road.
[Pereira. in Spanish]
[Pereira] IED armed and ready.
[Bambi] Check.
All stations. all stations. I
will initiate on the lead vehicle.
[breathing heavily]
- [gunfire]
- [glass shatters]
[tires screeching]
[breathes shakily]
[exhales sharply]
[Prince] Bambi. what do you got?
[breathing heavily]
[gunshot]
[whimpering]
[breathes heavily] Not
a lot of targets here.
Roger.
[engine revs]
[gunshot]
[gunfire]
[gunfire continues]
[gasps]
[grunts]
[breathing heavily]
[gunshot]
[whispering in Spanish]
What are you seeing?
[breathes heavily]
Bambi. I got nothing.
Fuck. [breathes heavily]
[Prince] They're covered.
[breathes shakily]
All stations hold.
I've got more vehicles inbound.
[breathes heavily] Prince.
you've gotta fucking go.
I can't see Amber.
Thirty seconds out.
Go! Fucking do something!
- Prince. go now!
- [breathes heavily]
[gunshot]
[guerilla grunts. yelps]
- [gunshots]
- [grunts]
[guerrilla 2 speaks Spanish]
Prince. go. fucking go! Now!
-[grunting. groaning] -Colonel.
I got Violeta! I got Violeta!
[Violeta crying. groaning]
[guerrillas clamoring]
[breathing heavily]
I'm moving down.
- Hold those trucks and cover me!
- [soldier 2] Yeah!
[panting]
[panting. grunting]
[breathing heavily]
I got Amber!
[pants]
- [gunshots]
- [Prince yelps. grunts]
[gunshots]
[panting]
[Amber screams]
- [screams]
- [guerrillas speaking Spanish]
[panting. screaming]
[screaming] Alex! Alex!
[whimpering. screaming]
- [pants. screams] Alex!
- [gunfire]
[panting]
[screaming]
[grunting]
[screams]
[Amber screams]
[gunfire fading]
[breathing heavily]
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today